.
[5678! by Butterfly Boucher
playing]
- FEEL IT, FEEL IT,
FEEL IT.
OH, YEAH, AH, AH.
IT'S HAPPENING. IT'S HAPPENING.
IT'S HAPPENING. IT'S--
- OH, HEY, REBECCA,
LOOK WHO I RAN INTO.
OUR OLD BUDDY FROM LAW SCHOOL,
DANA MCCOY!
- DANA.
- [laughs] REBECCA, HELLO.
HELLO, REBECCA.
- DANA.
- HMM, I HAVEN'T SEEN YOU
SINCE--
- I WAS APPOINTED JUDGE.
[chuckles]
- WELL, CONGRATULATIONS.
- MM-HMM.
- WHEN I HEARD, I JUST--
I COULDN'T BELIEVE IT.
THE GIRL WHO DRY HUMPED A STATUE
OF THURGOOD MARSHALL.
- YES, I DID,
AND IT WAS THUR-GREAT.
[laughter]
- I SEE WHAT YOU DID THERE.
- HEY, HEY,
CONGRATULATIONS TO YOU.
I HEAR YOU FINALLY
ARE AN ATTORNEY.
I KNOW HOW HARD IT WAS
FOR YOU TO PASS THAT BAR.
- MM, WELL, IF ANYONE KNOWS
HOW HARD IT IS TO PASS A BAR,
IT'S YOU.
GLUG, GLUG, GLUG, GLUG.
- [laughing]
ISN'T THIS GREAT?
THE OLD GANG FROM LAW SCHOOL
BACK TOGETHER AGAIN.
- TOM...
- YEAH.
- DID NOT TELL ME
THAT YOU WERE GOING TO BE
IN MY COURTROOM TODAY.
- YEAH, OR ME IN YOURS.
- WELL, I KNOW HOW MUCH YOU TWO
LOVE SURPRISES.
NOW, REALLY, IS THIS GONNA BE
A PROBLEM IN THE COURTROOM?
PLEASE SAY YES.
- OF COURSE NOT.
I MEAN, I JUST CAME OVER
'CAUSE I WANTED TO MAKE SURE
THAT I GOT A FAIR TRIAL.
YOU KNOW, A LOT OF JUDGES
ARE OUT THIS WEEK, SO...
[chuckles]
SHORT STRAW.
- YOU'RE SHORT.
- [chuckles]
YEAH.
- VERY ON THE NOSE.
- BUT SO GOOD TO SEE YOU.
MWAH.
- [clears throat]
- [laughs]
- [groans]
- OH, DANA MCCOY.
- SHE HAS NOT CHANGED A BIT.
SHE'S THE WORST.
- SHE IS, GOD.
BUT I'M SO JEALOUS
YOU HAVE A RIVAL.
WISH I HAD A RIVAL.
I MEAN, MY OIL CHANGE GUY,
HE'S PRETTY MEAN,
BUT I THINK HE'S JUST MEAN
TO EVERYBODY.
[upbeat music]
*
- OKAY, WHAT THE HELL
IS THAT?
- A BOLT OF PELTS.
- WHAT?
PLEASE TELL ME THAT
THAT'S NOT REAL FUR.
- NO, IT'S FAUX.
- FO SHO?
- FO REAL.
STOPPED BY MY FURRIER
THIS MORNING.
- GOSH, HOW MANY FAKE CATS
GAVE THEIR LIVES
FOR THAT BOLT?
- MM.
- WHAT'S IT FOR?
- I'M MAKING A BARBARIAN OUTFIT.
- WHAT?
ALL RIGHT, YOU GOT 30 SECONDS
TO EXPLAIN YOURSELF
BEFORE YOU GET OUT
OF MY OFFICE.
- CONAN-CON.
- WHAT?
- CONAN-CON IS A CONVENTION
THAT HAPPENS DOWNTOWN
WHERE WE CELEBRATE
THE STOIC MAJESTY
OF CONAN THE BARBARIAN.
OKAY, WE DRESS UP,
DRINK MEAD,
WATCH THE MOVIE.
- SO IT'S LIKE
CAVEMAN COMIC-CON?
- FANTASY, THANK YOU.
BUT BASICALLY,
SCHWARZENEGGER'S
GONNA BE THERE THIS YEAR.
- OOH.
- YOU SHOULD COME WITH ME.
- OH, NO, I'M BUSY
THAT NIGHT.
- I DIDN'T TELL YOU
WHAT NIGHT IT WAS GONNA BE ON.
- YEAH, BUT GENERALLY
FOR THESE TYPES OF INVITATIONS,
I'M BUSY ALL NIGHTS, SO--
- LOOK, REBECCA,
IT'S A GREAT MOVIE.
IT WAS WRITTEN BY OLIVER STONE,
JOHN MILIUS.
- OOH.
- JAMES EARL JONES
TURNS INTO A SNAKE.
- [gasps]
- JUST TURNS INTO A SNAKE.
IT'S A CINEMATIC MASTERPIECE.
- YEAH, WELL,
IF IT'S SO GREAT,
WHY DON'T YOU JUST GO
BY YOURSELF?
- 'CAUSE I DON'T LIKE TO HANG
OUT WITH A BUNCH
OF DRUNK WHITE PEOPLE
HOLDING SWORDS--I NEED BACKUP.
- YOU'RE ASKING ME
TO BE YOUR TOKEN WHITE?
- MM-HMM.
- I AM DECLINING POLITELY.
THANK YOU.
MR. TAD LATARDO,
CURRENTLY THE STARTING
QUARTERBACK FOR SOCAL STATE...
- GO BULLDOGS!
[chuckles]
- GOT DRUNK
AND HUNG HIS BARE BUTTOCKS
OUT THE PASSENGER SIDE WINDOW
OF HIS FRIEND'S CAR.
MS. MAYHEW SAW
THE BUTTOCKS,
FELL, AND SUSTAINED
MINOR INJURIES.
SHE IS SEEKING DAMAGES
IN THE AMOUNT OF...
$3 MILLION?
- YEP.
- TOM, THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
- I AGREE, REBECCA.
I MOVE FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT.
LET'S THROW
THIS CASE OUT RIGHT NOW.
- DANA, UH...
[clears throat]
MS. MCCOY,
I UNDERSTAND THAT YOU AND I
HAVE SOME HISTORY
OUTSIDE OF THE COURTROOM,
BUT IN MY COURT,
I'D LIKE YOU TO REFER
TO ME AS JUDGE WRIGHT.
OKAY?
MR. BARLOW,
DO YOU HAVE ANY EVIDENCE
TO SUBSTANTIATE
THESE CLAIMS?
- YES, YOUR HONOR.
MS. MAYHEW CAN NO LONGER
FUNCTION IN SOCIETY.
SINCE THIS INTENTIONAL EXPOSURE,
SHE CAN'T EAT FOOD
THAT'S SERVED ON BUNS,
SHE WON'T GO OUTSIDE
DURING A FULL MOON,
AND SHE LOST
HER CRAFTING BUSINESS
BECAUSE SHE COULD NO LONGER SAY
NOR HEAR THE WORD "BUTTON."
- [gags]
- SORRY.
SO SORRY.
- YOU CAN'T PROVE CAUSATION.
REBECCA--
WRIGHT, COMMA, JUDGE.
THIS CASE IS ABSURD.
A LOT OF JUDGES WOULD HAVE
THROWN THIS CASE OUT ALREADY.
- WELL, I AM NOT
A LOT OF JUDGES.
- I'LL SAY.
APPOINTED BY SCHWARZENEGGER.
- I'M SORRY, WHAT'S THAT?
- OH, NOTHING.
- NO, GO AHEAD
AND SAY IT.
- YOU'RE
A SCHWARZENEGGER APPOINTEE.
- AND?
- MM?
- OKAY, COUNSELOR,
PLEASE APPROACH.
- HMM.
- I'M GONNA JOIN UP HERE.
I WANT TO GET SOME RINGSIDE
SEATS FOR THIS ONE.
- SO GO AHEAD
AND SAY WHAT YOU WERE GONNA SAY.
- OKAY, WELL,
IT'S A WELL-KNOWN FACT
THAT WHEN SCHWARZENEGGER
WAS GOVERNOR,
THE NUMBER OF YOUNG,
ATTRACTIVE FEMALE APPOINTEES,
INCLUDING YOURSELF,
WENT UP ALMOST,
MM, 200%.
I CALL IT THE BREAST LIFT.
[chuckles]
- WELL, UH, IT'S ALSO
A WELL-KNOWN FACT
THAT I GRADUATED
TOP OF OUR CLASS,
AND MY RECORD'S IMPECCABLE.
- AND YOU'RE THE YOUNGEST JUDGE
EVER APPOINTED
IN THE HISTORY
OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
- YEAH, I KNOW.
I USE THAT
IN ALL MY COMMENCEMENT SPEECHES.
LOOK, I DON'T HAVE TIME
FOR THIS CHITCHAT,
AND I'M NOT GONNA BUY INTO
THESE UNSUBSTANTIATED RUMORS.
- [imitating Schwarzenegger]
IT'S NOT A RUMOR.
- OH, MY GOD, ARE YOU COMING
DOWN WITH, LIKE, A HEAD COLD?
- NO, IT'S SCHWARZENEGGER,
KINDERGARTEN COP.
- SPOT-ON SCHWARZENEGGER.
THAT WAS--
- YEAH, THANK YOU.
- I THINK WE SHOULD LEAVE THAT
OUTSIDE THE COURTROOM
BECAUSE I THINK THESE PEOPLE
DESERVE BETTER, HMM?
- THAT'S WHAT I SAID WHEN
I FOUND OUT YOU WERE A JUDGE.
- GOD, IF YOU WERE ANY TALLER,
I WOULD SLAP YOU
ACROSS THE FACE,
BUT YOU'RE SO SMALL,
I CAN'T REACH YOU.
FYI, SCHWARZENEGGER
DID NOT MAKE ME VALEDICTORIAN,
HE DID NOT HELP ME
PASS THE BAR,
AND HE DID NOT MAKE ME
A STELLAR D.A.
TOM, CALL YOUR WITNESS.
- YES, LET'S DO.
- [whistles]
.
- MS. MAYHEW, COULD YOU DESCRIBE
THE NIGHT IN QUESTION?
- I WAS OUT
FOR EXOTIC SMALL PLATES
WITH MY SCRAPBOOKING GROUP.
WE HAD JUST FINISHED
A VERY INVOLVED SESSION
HELPING ONE OF OUR MEMBERS SCRAP
A FAMILY VACATION TO LEGOLAND,
AND WE NEEDED TO UNWIND.
WE WERE WAITING
TO CROSS THE STREET
WHEN THE DEFENDANT'S CAR
PULLED UP, AND...
I DON'T KNOW IF I CAN SAY THIS
IN COURT.
- GIVE IT A SHOT.
I'LL PULL YOU BACK
IF YOU GO TOO FAR.
- WELL,
THIS DISGUSTING YOUNG MAN
LEANED OUT OF THE CAR WINDOW
AND YELLED
"YOLO, HOS"
TOWARD MY FRIENDS AND I.
THEN HE PULLED DOWN HIS PANTS
AND HUNG HIS BUTTOCKS AND...
MAYBE A LITTLE EXTRA
OUT THE WINDOW.
- A LITTLE EXTRA?
- YOU KNOW, THE...
THE DRAGON FRUIT.
I WAS SO SHOCKED
BY THE SIGHT OF IT,
I TRIPPED BACKWARDS
OVER THE CURB,
AND I STUMBLED INTO A BUSH,
WHERE I INCURRED
BODILY INJURY.
- DID YOU THINK
IT WAS GOING TO CHASE YOU,
MS. MAYHEW?
- THE PHYSICAL INJURIES HEALED,
BUT PSYCHOLOGICALLY,
THOSE BARE BUTTOCKS
ARE IN MY MIND
UNTIL THE DAY I DIE.
- THANK YOU, MS. MAYHEW.
YOUR WITNESS.
- YOU'VE MENTIONED
THAT THE DEFENDANT'S BUTTOCKS
HAS BEEN BURNED IRREVOCABLY
INTO YOUR MIND.
- YES.
- SO IT'S SAFE TO ASSUME
THAT YOU CAN ACCURATELY DESCRIBE
THE DEFENDANT'S BUTTOCKS.
- YES, I CAN.
- SO NO MOLES,
NO BIRTHMARKS,
NO IDENTIFYING FEATURES
OF ANY KIND?
- NO.
- OKAY.
YOUR HONOR, THE DEFENSE
WOULD LIKE TO SUBMIT
EXHIBIT A,
A PHOTOGRAPH
OF THE DEFENDANT'S BUTTOCKS.
LET THE RECORD SHOW
THE DEFENDANT HAS A TATTOO
ON HIS RIGHT BUTTOCKS.
- BUTTOCK.
IT'S SINGULAR.
- WELL, WHEN IT COMES
TO THAT PART OF THE ANATOMY,
YOU'RE THE EXPERT.
- YEAH, I AM,
'CAUSE I'M LOOKING
AT ONE RIGHT NOW.
- CLEARLY THAT WAS NOT
THE BUTTOCK
YOU SAW.
- SO, UH, MR. LATARDO,
WHAT--WHAT IS THAT EXACTLY?
- IT'S ALEC BALDWIN.
HE'S DOPE.
- AH.
LOOKS A LITTLE MORE
LIKE BILLY BALDWIN.
- WAS HE IN BIO-DOME?
- THAT'S
AN ENTIRELY DIFFERENT BALDWIN.
- THAT'S STEPHEN BALDWIN.
- BILLY BALDWIN
WAS IN BACKDRAFT.
HEY, WHEN YOU SIT DOWN, DOES IT
TURN INTO DANIEL BALDWIN?
- HOMICIDE:
LIFE ON THE STREET.
- [chuckles]
NOW, MR. LATARDO,
I'M ASSUMING
THAT BECAUSE YOU'RE FAMILIAR
WITH THAT BUTT,
IT DOES BELONG TO YOU, IN FACT.
- YUP.
- I AM TELLING YOU,
THAT TATTOO WASN'T THERE.
- ORDER, MS. MAYHEW,
ORDER.
- THAT MAN
ATTACKED MY EYES
WITH HIS BODY.
HE USED IT AS A WEAPON,
AND YOU DON'T EVEN GET IT.
I WISH I HAD GOTTEN
A REAL JUDGE
INSTEAD OF SOME BIKINI MODEL
WHO GOT THEIR JOB
FROM THE BOTTOM
OF ARNOLD'S HOT TUB.
- MS. MAYHEW--
TOM--
MS. MAYHEW.
FIRST OF ALL--
WELL, THANK YOU VERY MUCH,
BECAUSE I DO TRY TO DO
WHAT I CAN TO KEEP FIT,
SO YOU KNOW--
BUT I AM A REAL JUDGE,
ALL RIGHT?
I WIELD REAL POWER
IN THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
AND I GET TO DO THIS.
[gavel claps]
- OH.
- BOOM, LUNCH.
MMM, HECTOR, I'VE BEEN LOOKING
FORWARD TO THIS ALL MORNING.
I SWEAR, IF YOU WEREN'T PARKED
RIGHT HERE,
I WOULD ISSUE A BENCH WARRANT.
- [chuckles]
OH, MIRA.
ONE MORE THING.
FRESH GUAC.
IT'S ON THE HOUSE.
- HEY, UM,
HECTOR, I'VE GOT TO ASK.
HOW COME YOU ALWAYS
GIVE ME FREE GUAC?
- AH, I GIVE ALL THE PRETTY
LADIES FREE GUACAMOLE.
- ALL THE PRETTY LADIES?
- YEAH, AND ESPECIALLY
THE REDHEADS.
RAWR!
- I'D LIKE TO PAY FOR IT.
- OH, ALL RIGHT.
YEAH, THAT'LL BE--
THAT'LL BE $7.
- STARTING NEXT TIME,
OKAY?
- CONAN THE BARBARIAN FESTIVAL,
DOWNTOWN CONVENTION CENTER,
TOMORROW NIGHT.
GOT TWO TICKETS.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
- OH, TWO TICKETS.
NO, YOU KNOW, I DON'T WANT
TO BE A THIRD WHEEL, SO--
HEY, HAVE FUN
WITH YOUR FRIEND.
- NO--
HAVE YOU EVER HAD MEAD?
I'M TALKING, LIKE--
THIS IS GOOD MEAD TOO.
GIRL, IT'LL GET YOU MESSED UP.
- LISTEN, I WISH I COULD,
BUT I HAVE IRONCLAD PLANS.
I'M INTEGRATING MY CATS,
AND TOMORROW NIGHT
IS A CRUCIAL MOMENT.
IT'S--IT'S THEIR FIRST
MUTUAL LITTER BOXING.
[exhales sharply
and murmurs]
- ALL THE MUTTON YOU CAN EAT.
ON ME, HUH?
- TIPPY DOESN'T LIKE ME
TO EAT LAMB.
SHE SAYS IT MAKES ME LETHARGIC.
PLUS, THAT TICKET SHOULD GO
TO A REAL FAN.
- TOM, MUTTON--
IT'S THE MEAT OF WARRIORS.
IT'S A MAGICAL NIGHT.
I MEAN,
THAT I CAN PROMISE YOU.
- I AM NOT GOING.
- OKAY, BUT WHAT IF I SAID--
- UH, EXCUSE ME.
MAY I BORROW YOU
FOR JUST A MOMENT, PLEASE?
- ABSOLUTELY, TEDWARD, YOU WAIT
RIGHT THERE, RIGHT THERE.
COME ON, LET'S GO.
LET'S GO, LET'S GO.
- MUTTON, OKAY?
REMEMBER MUTTON.
- SIR, HAVE YOU HEARD
OF THE BREAST LIFT?
- YOU BET.
MY WIFE HAD ONE FIVE YEARS AGO.
FANTASTIC.
- NO, NO.
SIR, I'M TALKING ABOUT WHEN
SCHWARZENEGGER WAS GOVERNOR,
HE APPOINTED
AN UNUSUALLY HIGH NUMBER
OF ATTRACTIVE WOMEN
TO THE BENCH.
I MEAN, IS THAT TRUE?
- WHO CAN SAY?
TRUTH IS SO SUBJECTIVE.
- YEAH, BUT I MEAN IS IT
SOMETHING THAT YOU'VE HEARD?
- I DON'T KNOW.
ONE HEARS SO MANY THINGS
IN THESE HALLS OF JUSTICE.
- YOU'RE DODGING MY QUESTION.
- ABSOLUTELY NOT--
I'M SO SORRY,
BUT I THINK I LEFT TEDWARD
WAITING FOR ME.
TEDWARD.
TEDWARD?
.
- TEDWARD...
I'M LOOKING AT ALL THE JUDGES
THAT SCHWARZENEGGER APPOINTED.
THEY'RE ALL ATTRACTIVE WOMEN.
LOOK AT THESE WOMEN.
HOT.
HOT. HOT.
SUPER HOT.
- LOOK, I'M SURE
THEY'RE NOT ALL HOTTIES.
LOOK.
OH, LOOK, THEY HIRED HER
FOR HER PERSONALITY.
SCHWARZENEGGER APPOINTEE
RIGHT THERE.
- LINDA SHRIVER.
- OKAY, WELL,
THAT WAS A BAD IDEA.
- EH.
- JUDGE WRIGHT,
YOUR HONOR,
I'M SO SORRY,
ALL RIGHT?
MY CLIENT WAS TOTALLY
OUT OF LINE IN THERE.
ALL RIGHT,
YOU'RE NOT A SEXY JUDGE.
[laughs]
I MEAN YOU ARE, BUT--
OH, I SEE NOW
WHAT HAPPENED IN THERE.
IT'S LIKE A VERBAL TRAP.
- ALL RIGHT, LISTEN,
DO YOU THINK
THERE'S REALLY ANY VALIDITY
TO WHAT DANA SAID?
I MEAN, DO YOU THINK
THERE IS A THING?
THIS BREAST LIFT THING,
YOU THINK IT'S TRUE?
- NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
- NO, THAT'S RIDICULOUS.
- NO, NO.
- THAT'S NOT--MM-MM.
- RIDICULOUS.
- ALL RIGHT.
BOTH OF YOU...
- MM-HMM.
- I WANT YOU TO LOOK AT ME
AND SAY THE FIRST WORD
THAT COMES TO YOUR MIND.
GO.
- PRETTY.
- CHLAMYDIA.
- WHAT?
- [grunts]
YOU SAID THE FIRST WORD
THAT CAME INTO MY HEAD,
AND THAT WAS THE WORD.
- WHY IS THE FIRST WORD
A VENEREAL DISEASE?
- I CAN'T POSSIBLY
ANSWER THAT.
THE HUMAN MIND
AND ITS WORKINGS
ARE STILL A MYSTERY
TO US ALL.
- MM.
- THAT IS--
THAT IS VERY TRUE.
- LISTEN, TOM.
AS MUCH AS I APPRECIATE YOU
SUCKING UP
OR TRUTH TELLING,
I THINK YOU SHOULD PREPARE
YOUR CLIENT FOR THE WORST.
I'M PROBABLY GONNA THROW
THE CASE OUT.
- OH, GOD,
THAT IS GREAT.
THANK YOU.
SHE HAD A COMPLETE BREAKDOWN
AT LUNCH
WHEN SOMEONE BUTTERED
THEIR BUN.
- MM.
- NO MORE PRO BONO WORK.
- ALL RIGHT.
- SEE YOU IN THERE.
- BYE, TOM.
- TEDWARD,
I THINK I'M JUST GONNA HAVE
TO COME TO TERMS
WITH THE FACT
THAT I WILL NEVER KNOW
WHY SCHWARZENEGGER
APPOINTED ME.
- YEAH, OBVIOUSLY.
I MEAN, THE ONLY WAY
YOU COULD TALK TO HIM IS IF...
- WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
[gasps]
- [gasps]
- I COULD ASK HIM.
HE'S GONNA BE AT CONAN-CON.
- YES, HE IS.
- * OH, TEDWARD
- MM-HMM?
- I'M GONNA BE YOUR DATE.
- ALL RIGHT,
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS.
- WHAT?
- YOU GO,
YOU GOT TO GO ALL THE WAY.
- FULL REGALIA?
- FULL REGALIA!
[dramatic music]
*
LOOK AT YOU, GIRL.
YOU LOOK GOOD.
- WHO RUNS BARTERTOWN?
- THAT'S THE WRONG MOVIE.
THAT'S MAD MAX.
- OH.
THAT'S NOT THIS?
- NO, BUT YOU LOOK GREAT,
THOUGH.
- THANK YOU.
- YEAH.
- SO DO YOU. I LIKE WHAT YOU DID
WITH THAT SKIRT.
I GUESS I THOUGHT
IN MY MIND,
IT WOULD BE A LITTLE MORE,
YOU KNOW,
SHIRTS-AND-PANTSY,
BUT I LIKE IT.
- YEAH,
I'M NOT GONNA LIE TO YOU,
GOING TO THE ATM
BEFORE I GOT HERE
WAS A LITTLE WEIRD,
KIND OF AWKWARD.
- YEAH, WHERE DID YOU PUT
THE MONEY?
- IT'S IN THERE.
- MM.
*
TEDWARD, THIS IS LIKE
A SAD NERD MUSEUM.
AND NOBODY DRESSED UP.
THAT GUY--
THAT GUY HAD A FANNY PACK ON.
COME ON,
THEY'RE NOT VERY BARBARIANY.
- WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON--
LOOK, LET ME CHECK.
OKAY, LOOK,
IT SAYS HERE
20TH ANNUAL CONAN-CON.
LOOK, PRIZES, SCREENINGS,
PANELS, COSTUME.
both: OPTIONAL.
- OH, TEDWARD,
I'M GONNA KILL YOU.
LOOK AT ME.
WHERE'S THE MEAD?
- LOOK, CHILL OUT,
JUDGE.
LOOK, YOU LOOK GREAT,
AND LOOK, WE'RE NOT THE ONLY
PEOPLE HERE IN COSTUMES.
WE GOT GRAY HAIR
PONYTAIL BARBARIAN.
WE GOT PARENTS
DRESSING THEIR KIDS UP
LIKE BABY BARBARIANS.
[dog barks]
LOOK AT THOSE WILD DOGS
OVER THERE.
- THOSE ARE POMERANIANS.
THE WILD POMERANIANS
OF ENCINO.
[dog barks]
WHERE IS AHNULD?
- I DON'T KNOW.
- ATTENTION, BARBARIANS,
WIZARDS, WITCHES,
AND THOSE NOT IN COSTUME,
PLEASE ACCEPT
OUR SINCERE APOLOGY.
WE JUST LEARNED
THAT MR. SCHWARZENEGGER
WILL NOT BE ATTENDING
TONIGHT'S EVENT DUE TO
WE MISREAD HIS RSVP CARD.
BUT MONGOL GENERAL NUMBER THREE
IS STILL IN THE LOBBY
HANDING OUT FREE MUGS OF MEAD.
- WHAT?
MONGOL GENERAL NUMBER THREE?
- WHAT'S HE GONNA DO FOR ME?
UNLESS HE SERVED
UNDER SCHWARZENEGGER.
MAN.
- JUDGE, WHY DOES THIS RUMOR
BOTHER YOU SO MUCH?
- 'CAUSE IT JUST DOES, TEDWARD.
YOU KNOW, IT'S ANNOYING.
IT'S LIKE A FLY
BUZZING AROUND MY HEAD.
[cape tears]
GET OFF MY CAPE, TEDWARD.
- LOOK, I'M IN THAT COURTROOM
WITH YOU EVERY DAY,
AND I CAN HONESTLY SAY
THAT YOU'RE THE BEST JUDGE
I'VE EVER BEEN A BAILIFF FOR.
- HOW MANY JUDGES
HAVE YOU BAILIFFED FOR?
- WELL...
- I'M THE ONLY ONE,
RIGHT?
- YES, MM-HMM.
I WOULD HAVE LIKED TO GIVE YOU
A QUOTE FROM CONAN, BUT--
- GO RIGHT OVER MY HEAD
LIKE SUBOTAI'S GOD.
- YOU WATCHED THE MOVIE.
- WELL,
FIGURED IF I WAS GONNA BE
AROUND A BUNCH OF DRUNKEN
WHITE PEOPLE WITH SWORDS,
I BETTER KNOW WHAT I'M IN FOR.
- MM-HMM.
- [clears throat]
- [grunting]
- EVERYTHING OKAY,
MR. LATARDO?
- NO, NO PROBLEM AT ALL,
YOUR HONOR.
- WELL, IT SEEMS
LIKE YOU'RE HAVING
A LITTLE BIT OF TROUBLE THERE.
- OH, YEAH,
I JUST--
I GOT INJURED IN PRACTICE.
- YOU PRACTICE AT NIGHT NOW?
- YUP.
HELMET TO HIP.
IT'S A VIOLENT SPORT.
- SEEMS LIKE YOUR INJURY'S
RIGHT AROUND YOUR ALEC BALDWIN.
- YOUR HONOR, I DON'T SEE
HOW HIS INJURY IS RELEVANT.
- SIT DOWN, COUNSELOR.
I HAVE A THEORY,
MR. LATARDO.
YEAH, I THINK
YOUR ALEC BALDWIN'S NEW.
I THINK YOU GOT IT
FOR YOUR DEFENSE,
AND I THINK
ALEC BALDWIN'S INFECTED.
- NOPE, NEXT WITNESS.
- NO, I CALL THE NEXT WITNESS,
AND I CALL ALEC BALDWIN
TO THE STAND.
MR. LATARDO,
COME ON.
- [shuddering]
OKAY, YEAH,
IT'S A NEW TATTOO,
AND IT'S PRETTY
FRICKIN' INFECTED.
- OKAY, SO JUST TO BE CLEAR,
YOU GOT THIS NEW TATTOO
DURING THESE COURT PROCEEDINGS,
YOU PUT SOMETHING ON IT
TO MAKE IT LOOK OLD
FOR THE EVIDENCE PHOTOS,
AND WHATEVER THAT WAS--
PROBABLY TALCUM POWDER,
I'M GUESSING,
CAUSED THE INFECTION?
- HOW DID YOU KNOW?
- BECAUSE I GOT A TATTOO MYSELF.
UPPER RIGHT THIGH.
- OBJECTION--RELEVANCE
AND NAUSEOUSNESS, YOUR HONOR.
- OVERRULED, COUNSELOR.
ANYWAY, I CHANGED MY MIND
HALFWAY THROUGH,
SO I GOT YIN
BUT NO YANG.
SO I KNOW A LITTLE SOMETHING
ABOUT INFECTIONS IN BAD PLACES.
- YES, WE'RE ALL VERY AWARE
OF THAT.
- ALL RIGHT, COUNSELOR,
APPROACH.
- OH.
YES?
- ONE MORE COMMENT LIKE THAT,
AND I WILL FIND YOU IN CONTEMPT.
- [gasps]
WELL, I FIND IT CONTEMPTIBLE
THAT YOU BRING YOUR SORDID
LITTLE PERSONAL LIFE
INTO THE COURTROOM.
AND JUST SO YOU KNOW,
I WILL BE FILING
A FORMAL COMPLAINT
WITH THE JUDICIAL BOARD
OF REVIEW,
AND AHNULD ISN'T ON THAT.
- [clears throat]
RECESS WHILE I FIGURE OUT
WHAT I SHOULD DO YOU WITH YOU,
MR. LATARDO.
COURT NEEDS ABOUT TEN MINUTES
TO THINK ABOUT YOUR ASS.
[gavel claps]
.
- PLEASE BE SEATED.
SORRY, MR. LATARDO.
YOU DON'T HAVE A CHOICE.
- OKAY.
MS. MAYHEW,
YOU SAW AN ASS.
I'M SORRY YOU FELL
INTO A BUSH,
BUT YOU DON'T GET $3 MILLION
FOR IT.
YOU DON'T EVEN GET 1.
PEOPLE HAVE BEEN SHOWING
ONE ANOTHER THEIR ASSES
SINCE THE DAWN OF TIME.
WE DO IT
BECAUSE IT'S HILARIOUS.
ALL RIGHT?
THROWING THE CASE OUT.
I'M NOT FINISHED.
MR. LATARDO,
YOU TOOK A SMALL THING
AND MADE IT WORSE
BY GETTING THAT TATTOO.
YOU TAMPERED WITH EVIDENCE,
AND YOU LIED TO A JUDGE.
LUCKILY FOR YOU,
I HAVE PERSONAL KNOWLEDGE
OF HOW
A TERRIBLE TATTOO
CAN BE ITS OWN FORM
OF PUNISHMENT,
SO I WILL SENTENCE YOU
TO NOTHING MORE.
- GLAD YOU FINALLY DID
YOUR JOB, REBECCA.
- ACTUALLY, DANA,
IF YOU WERE DOING YOUR JOB,
YOU WOULD HAVE KNOWN
THAT YOUR CLIENT
WAS LYING TO YOU,
AND I WARNED YOU
ABOUT CALLING ME REBECCA.
I'M FINDING YOU IN CONTEMPT.
TEDWARD, CUFF HER
AND GET HER OUT OF MY COURTROOM.
- MY PLEASURE.
- I MEAN, REALLY.
- [kisses]
- YOU'RE REALLY KILLING
THE OLD GANG HERE, REBECCA.
YOUR HONOR.
[clears throat]
JUDGE WRIGHT.
- HERE YOU GO.
- THANK YOU.
HERE YOU GO, TEDWARD.
TWO SHOTS OF YOUR FAVORITE.
- WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?
- IT'S TWO SHOTS
OF BIRTHDAY CAKE VODKA.
- NO WHIPPED CREAM?
CAN'T DRINK BIRTHDAY CAKE VODKA
WITHOUT WHIPPED CREAM.
- WHAT?
- GIVE ME THOSE.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
GOTTA DO EVERYTHING.
- WHAT'S NEXT, SPRINKLES?
- HEY, JUDGE,
HOW YOU DOING?
- [sighs] SIR.
- REBECCA.
- NICE TO SEE YOU SLUMMING IT
WITH US PLEBS.
- DON'T WORRY.
I'LL BE BRIEF.
MAY I?
- YEAH, PLEASE DO.
- I JUST WANTED
TO TELL YOU
THAT I FEEL A BIT GUILTY
ABOUT HOW OUR CONVERSATION ENDED
THE OTHER DAY
AT THE COURTHOUSE.
- OH, SIR, UM, PLEASE,
THAT'S--
THAT'S VERY NICE OF YOU,
BUT, UH--
- JUST WANTED TO SAY
THAT JUDGES--
REALLY ALL PEOPLE
IN POSITIONS OF POWER--
HAVE MOMENTS WHEN THEY QUESTION
HOW THEY GOT THERE.
YOU MAY WONDER IF YOU ROSE
THROUGH THE RANKS
BECAUSE YOU'RE
AN ATTRACTIVE WOMAN,
OR YOU...
[sighs]
MAY JUST THINK IT WAS BECAUSE
YOU WERE
JUST ANOTHER MINORITY HIRE.
[clears throat]
AND I'M HERE
IN THIS ESTABLISHMENT
THAT I DON'T LIKE MUCH TO
TELL YOU THAT IT DOESN'T MATTER.
DOESN'T MATTER HOW YOU GOT
THE ROBE, REBECCA.
IT JUST MATTERS WHAT YOU DO
WITH IT
ONCE YOU GET THERE.
AND YOU,
YOU DO A GREAT JOB.
- WOW, UH...
THANK YOU, SIR.
I REALLY NEEDED
TO HEAR THAT, AND...
UH, WELL,
IT MEANS A LOT TO ME,
COMING FROM YOU.
- [mutters indistinctly]
[clears throat]
UM, I'M--
I'M GONNA GO TO THE BAR,
AND I'M GONNA GET
A SHOT OF TEQUILA,
AND I'M GONNA DRINK IT.
THEN I'M GONNA TAKE
MY TWO FRENCH BULLDOGS
ON A VERY BRISK HIKE.
I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW.
- GOOD NIGHT, SIR.
- BYE, JUDGE.
WHAT'D HE WANT?
- HE WANTED TO TELL ME THAT
I'M A GOOD JUDGE.
- REALLY?
- [chuckles]
- I TELL YOU THAT
ALL THE TIME!
ALL THE TIME,
AND I GET NOTHING.
AND THEN BOLO TIE RIDES IN HERE
ON HIS WHITE HORSE,
AND YOU JUST BREAK DOWN
AND START SNIFFLING?
UGH.
IT'S NOT RIGHT.
LOOK--NO, NO.
OH.
- WHAT?
- NO BIRTHDAY CAKE VODKA
FOR YOU.
- UGH.
THAT'S NOT BOOZE EITHER.
THAT'S A KIDS ICE CREAM FLAVOR.
THAT IS NOT A PUNISHMENT
FOR ME.
I JUST WANT YOU
TO BE CLEAR ABOUT THAT.
- * DON'T BRING ME DOWN
[crowd cheering]